board: nucleo_f429zi: add partitions to support mcuboot (#15949)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/nucleo_f429zi/doc/index.rst

The Nucleo F429ZI board includes an ST-LINK/V2-1 embedded debug tool interface.
This interface is supported by the openocd version included in Zephyr SDK.

Flash partitions for MCUBoot bootloader
***************************************

> The STM32F429ZI MCU on the board has an internal flash memory with 2MBytes in size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The on-board STM32F429ZI MCU has 2 MBs of internal flash memory.
```

> define a `Zephyr partition table`_ for the flash memory in its device tree file

Reviewer: While what you're linking to now will work, it always points to the /latest/ documentation. When we create a tagged version of the documentation, we want references to be to content within that tagged version. So the right way to write this link is:
```
define a :ref:`Zephyr partition table <flash_partitions>` for the flash memory
```
The Sphinx document processor will create a link within the document tree it's building instead of always referencing the /latest/ version.

Author: Thanks for pointing out the potential problem, David! I've already corrected it again by following your comments.

> To use `MCUboot`_, a `zephyr partition table`_ for the flash memory needs to be defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `MCUboot`_, define a :ref:`Zephyr partition table <flash_partitions>`
for the flash memory
```

in its device tree file ``nucleo_f429zi.dts``. As a reference, a partition table for MCUBoot

> is already defined in the device tree file, in which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is already defined in the device tree file, with these settings:
```

- `MCUBoot`_ bootloader partition takes 64K bytes.

> - zephyr settings partition takes 64K bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Zephyr settings partition takes 64K bytes.
```

.. _STM32F429 datasheet:
   http://www.st.com/resource/en/datasheet/DM00071990.pdf

> .. _zephyr partition table:

Reviewer: This link target doesn't exist.  I suggested a change above to use a ``:ref:`` to link to the correct document location, so you can remove these two lines (217-218)

   https://github.com/JuulLabs-OSS/mcuboot/blob/master/README.md

> .. _Zephyr partition table:

Reviewer: use a :ref: role (as noted above) and remove this link (lines 220-221)
